go back to [[Feast of the Moon 2024]]

I was born in the shadowrealm and have lived there for 100 years. I don't remember much about my parents. People have told me their souls have gone to the Raven Queen when I was 5 years old. Since then, others have taken care of me by giving some food or teaching me about "life". I soon learned how to tattoo from an old lady. I stayed with her amd cared for her untill her soul left me when I was 32. Then I started traveling to different towns to offer some cheap tattoos with abstract designs. I told people that it was my way of making some money for food, but in reality I wanted to find my life purpose. During my travels I also studied the books from little librarys in the towns in hopes of finding answers. I believed there should be more to life than dullness and harsh stimulations to keep you sane. One day there was this spider I was looking at. It crawled over the ground to a big tree with a hole at the bottom. The spider dissapeared in the shadows and when I followed it, I stepped into this new world with lots of colours and people with lots of emotion. I stumbled upon a town in the trees where I met wood elves. Most of the elves couldn't grasp what it feels like to be under the shadow curse and thought I was odd. But this one elf really listended and empethised. She was kind to me and made me feel sort of warm and tingly in my stomach. When I met her I forgot about searching my life's purpose. She fell sick to an uncurable disease and I now know what my purpose is, finding her a cure so we can grow old toghether. Now I'm searching for a cure for my love, Emphyra Meliamne.